DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home,
so we can help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were members of the Castle Knights.
Now, Earth and Neathia you were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right,
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[confused groaning]
DAN: Jake, can you hear me?
I'm here!
What?
[grunt]
Ow!
LUMAGROWL: What's happening?
How did he break free of the hypnosis?
Ha!
Wouldn't you--
--love to know?
I kept calling for you, but you wouldn't answer.
Is your head in the clouds again?
I'm real sorry about that, buddy, but I'm here now, OK?
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Gundalian Showdown.
DRAGO: Get ready everyone.
[dramatic music]
[roaring]
We must return to Neathia, immediately.
Not so fast, Brawlers.
Bakugan, brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
[energetic synth music]
[hissing]
[screeching]
[roaring]
[howling]
Krakix, take down Dragonoid Colossus.
[whoosh]
[bang]
[yelling]
[growling]
You all made a grave mistake, coming here!
[crazed laughing] You'll never see Neathia again!
[bangs]
Dan, help!
We're coming, buddy!
Now!
Let's go!
Everyone!
Bakugan, brawl!
[alarm ringing]
Hurry along, people.
[worried murmurs]
CITIZEN: What's going on?
GUARD: Your Highness, we've got all
of the citizens safely secured inside the underground bunkers.
Excellent work.
Thank you.
[laser blasts]
[intimidating orchestral music]
Destroy them all!
Ability activate!
Fly slasher!
Vanguard Lola!
Ability activate!
Head blaster!
[laser blasts]
[boom]
Come on, let's go.
Everyone follow me.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Rise, Haos Raptorix!
We must protect the palace and the people inside at any cost.
[rumbling]
[screaming]
Citizens of Neathia.
The Gundalians have managed to destroy the third shield
that was protecting us.
The Castle Knights are fighting to keep them at bay.
So we need to be brave, and not give in to panic and fear.
[sighs of relief]
SERENA (VOICEOVER): Barodius is coming for the Sacred Orb.
He covets its power.
The people believe that it protects us,
but if we can't protect it, the Neathia is doomed.
What has happened to Fabia and the others?
We need you, Brawlers, now!
Come on, Drago.
We got to squash this, then boot it back to Neathia, pronto.
I'm with you.
Ability activate!
Particle Buster!
[laser blasts]
[boom]
[groaning]
Nice one.
Ability activate!
Spiral Pressure!
AKWIMOS: [inaudible]
You'll see.
Ability Activate!
Samurai shield!
Whoa!
How'd he swing that one?
SHUN: Ability activate!
Fly fang - Hyper Storm!
You guys aren't so tough.
Megalo Skaney!
Say goodbye!
[crazed laughter]
[groaning]
Hammer Blow!
I'll crush you!
Ha!
[bang]
[roaring]
[yelling]
Coredem!
[grunting]
Razen Breaker!
[yelling]
[screaming]
Oh no!
[laser blasts]
Now, everyone.
Climb on.
Let's go.
You heard him.
Strikeflier, don't you dare let them get away.
They're not going anywhere!
Ability activate!
Burst Mistral!
[whooshing]
What's happening?
Aw, man!
Not the deep freeze!
[roaring]
[grunting]
[metal clanging]
KAZARINA: [laughing] I think I can smell Neathia
burning, all the way from here.
Can't you, Gill?
It smells like victory.
And, to think, we owe it all to you, Drago.
What?
[groaning]
Kazarina cloned your DNA and then fused it
with Dharak's and it mutated.
That's what allowed it to pass through the shield.
Then Dharak and I--
You guys are like twins.
Battle gear boost!
[roaring]
How does it feel that your DNA was responsible for Neathia's
destruction?
Battle gear ability activate!
[inaudible]
They used me to do their dirty work.
Heads up, Drago!
[boom]
Drago!
That's right.
What?
[grunting]
Now, Dan.
OK, buddy.
Ability activate!
Spire Dragon!
[energetic synth music]
[grunting]
[roaring]
Here's another!
[grunting]
[boom]
[screaming]
Are you kidding me?
[grunting]
[boom]
That one really hurt.
He took us all out.
Now I get how he was able to defeat Dharak with that power.
Have you already forgotten that Dharak is now
infused with that same power?
Then he'll be unstoppable.
[roaring]
Whoa!
Dragonoid Colossus has broken free
from the ice blocks, everyone.
Quickly, climb on before they attack me again!
Come on.
[screeching]
Is someone going to introduce me to the dragon?
No time, Jake.
Hold on tight, everyone.
[roaring]
Hold up!
Where the heck did Fabia go?
Ability Activate!
Spiral Glowdown!
[yelling]
FABIA: Come on, Aranaut.
We have to get home. Let's go.
Right.
[grunting]
[metal clanging]
What the--
Where do you think you're going, coward?
[frustrated grunting]
Fabia!
Come on, let's go!
DRAGO: I can't hold the portal open, very long.
We have to go, now!
Not without Fabia.
You have to go.
Hurry, Dan!
You've got to save Neathia.
OK.
We're on it.
Here we go.
[roaring]
DAN: We'll come back for you, Fabia!
Stay strong, fight hard!
[growls] Airzel, Stoica, the emperor
is going to need our help.
Ready when you are.
Yeah.
Who wants to stick around and watch a girl fight?
[growls]
OK, then.
It's just you and me, now.
Time to finish this.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Aranaut, let's win this for Neathia.
KAZARINA (VOICEOVER): Time to punish the princess, Lumagrowl.
[dramatic orchestral music]
Hold on.
If Gill was so hot to get to Neathia, where did he go?
His ship was damaged when the Brawlers attacked.
It's being repaired, but he said to go ahead,
and he'll catch up.
Interesting.
[laser blasts]
Contestia, snap out of it.
[growls]
Contestia, I want you to move on this punk.
Wake up.
Ability activate!
Bolting storm!
[zapping]
[grunting]
Rubanoid!
[groaning]
[laser blasts]
[growling]
Are you OK, Rubanoid?
What happened to Ren?
No offense, Linus, but I thought he
and I were supposed to battle together.
No offense taken.
The truth is, my old bakugan sacrificed
his life, so that Drago could get the element.
I'm very sorry to hear about your loss.
Ren and I had a talk before he left for Gundalia.
It seems that you and I have both lost comrades
in this terribly awful war.
I think Rubanoid would be better suited to a Pyrus battler,
like you.
I'm not trying to replace Sid.
Just as I'm not trying to take the place
of your former Bakugan.
Either way, we both have partners we need to avenge.
And I'm ready to do whatever it takes to accomplish that.
So am I.
[boom]
Huh?
What do you say, partner?
Are you ready to fight?
Yes.
[grunting] Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Pyrus Rubanoid!
[yelling]
Uh oh.
We've got company!
Have I ever told you how much I despise Gundalians?
Let's bust out the Battle Gear, and stomp those roaches!
Absolutely not!
Battling inside a dimension tunnel is far too dangerous.
Let's hope those morons know that, too.
Yeah.
Better step on it, just in case.
Good idea.
KAZARINA: Gate card set.
Lumagrowl, let's finish this quickly and be on our way
to Neathia.
Understood?
I don't need Gill hogging all the glory.
No problem at all.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Haos Lumagrowl!
[howling]
Come on, let's go.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Payback time, Haos Aranaut!
You took the words right out of my mouth.
[yelling]
[growling]
[intense rock music]
[metal clanging]
Well, Lumagrowl.
Impressive skill for mangy mutt, but nowhere
near good enough to defeat me!
We'll see about that, tough guy!
Light Phantasma!
Barrage fist!
Akol Fang!
[laughter]
Come out and show yourself, coward!
[yelling]
What was that you said about my inferior skills?
Aranaut!
Come on, Lumagrowl.
What is taking you so long?
What?
Do you think I'm just sitting on my tail, here?
Back off, and let me doing my thing!
Is that all you got, mutt?
Now, just tear him apart, Lumagrowl!
Gate card, open!
Silent Hangar!
[grunting] Can't move.
Say the word!
Unleash fury, Lumagrowl!
[laughter]
Ability activate!
Valkyrie fist!
[grunting]
[shattering]
[growling]
If you were smart, you'd walk away right now, mutt.
Aranaut, it's time we show these vermin all the pain
and suffering they've shown our people.
Let's make them regret ever setting foot on Neathia!
Ready battle pressure.
Battle gear boost!
Battle gear ability activate!
Battle crusher, go!
Arcadia Sword!
[laser blasts]
[boom]
[growling]
[laser blasts]
[grunting]
Don't celebrate just yet, punk!
I'm not finished with you!
[chattering]
What's going on, here?
KAZARINA: You're taking far too long to wrap this up,
so I've called in some reinforcements
to take care of things, instead.
Wait a sec.
That's cheating!
Why can't you fight me one-on-one?
Cheating?
This isn't a game.
[chuckles] We're fighting a war, here, remember?
That means the rulebook has gone out the window,
and all bets are off.
What happened to honor in battle?
Honor is overrated.
If you want to win, you do whatever it takes.
Without honor, victory is worthless.
But maybe that's too complicated for your canine brain.
[growling]
Forget it, Aranaut.
You're just wasting your breath on these two Gundalian creeps.
I guess.
Can we continue?
[laser blasts]
Princess!
Rah!
[grunting] [yelling]
Aranaut!
I'm sorry, Princess!
AVIOR: Long Aercules!
[boom]
What's happening?
Could it really be?
[roaring]
[laughing]
Mason!
Nurzak!
Hey.
Did you miss me, Princess?
Quit flirting.
We're here to settle the score.
[laser blasts]
Battle gear ability activate!
[inaudible]
[laser blasts]
Battle gear ability activate!
Sonic gear Nirvana!
[roaring]
[whoosh]
[boom]
Battle gear ability activate!
[inaudible]
[laser blasts]
[roaring]
They're too powerful!
Ha.
It seems that you don't need to fight this battle, Dharak.
So they've come back, have they?
Dan!
You're just in time!
A couple of minutes earlier would've been helpful.
Barodius, it's the end for you!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Just when I thought
our battle against Kazarina and Lumagrowl
couldn't get any more fierce, Mason and Nurzak showed up.
Kazarina has double-crossed so many people,
I don't know which one of us wanted to take her down more!
Then things got really strange when I saw Gill lurking about.
I thought he had gone to Neathia,
so what's he still doing here?
Is it possible he has a score to settle with Kazarina, as well?
Tune in to find out the truth behind the mystery.
I guarantee, you'll never guess what happened.
It even took me by surprise.
[theme music]